[Music]
if you ever see this on your backyard
ask for help to remove it
if you ask someone what are you afraid
of you're likely to hear something like
snakes spiders or bugs as an answer no
one would really say that white flower
that grows my backyard why would you
fear it well because it can be as
dangerous as a snake if not more
threatening to your life yes there are
some rather widespread fungi and plants
that can kill you some of them look like
they come straight out of hell which
makes them quite unappealing so you will
unlikely want to touch them but some of
them actually look more normal or even
adorable and they might be even more
dangerous to you and your family bright
side has got it covered
here's a list of twelve super dangerous
fungi in plants that might grow in your
backyard promise you will not touch any
of them if you see them but will ask for
help to remove them your safety matters
agreed alright then give this video a
like and pay attention to what you are
about to see on this list
counting down number twelve deathcap do
you like mushrooms
they make a fine steak sauce and more
and have you ever gone mushroom hunting
it's a popular hobby among those who
live in the north of Europe and Russia
mushrooms might be easy to find and many
of them even grow along the roads or on
trees in your backyard some of them are
yummy and some of them can kill you whoa
for example this beauty the death cap it
is the deadliest of them all it does not
come with a name tag and is easy to
confuse with edible straw mushrooms and
caesars mushrooms it can be found in
different parts of Europe the Emma
toxins in it are so potent even high
temperatures can't kill them so even if
it is properly cooked it will still
damage human cells if someone eats it
vomiting bloody diarrhea and unbearable
abdominal pain await those who taste it
it results in liver kidneys and central
nervous system damage your blood sugar
level will go down and your body will
produce less urine what happens next
coma and very likely death geez death
cap killed Pope Clement the seventh in
1534 and probably Roman Emperor Claudius
in 45c II number 11 Konoe cyfle aris
Cano side Pelorus might look cute and
innocent but can cause death or severe
pain if you live in the Pacific
Northwest you have most likely seen it
growing in the lawns looking at it won't
hurt but what if someone decided to cook
it for dinner it is better to be safe
than sorry
Canosa phalaris has the same mycotoxins
as the death cap it takes a while for it
to start damaging your body those who
eat it will feel the symptoms of food
poisoning or the stomach flu 6 to 24
hours after the mushroom meal it might
be tricky for the doctors to understand
what caused the symptoms immediately and
even if they are treated properly they
might come back liver and kidney failure
is also a likely result of canosa
phalaris poisoning
number 10 destroying angels these fungi
look innocently white and just like the
edible button and meadow mushrooms
however this mushroom abundantly growing
in north america is super toxic and not
exactly edible convulsions diarrhea
vomiting liver and kidney failure and
even delirium may happen 5 to 24 hours
after consumption often leading to death
they belong to the genus Amanita Amanita
muscaria is probably the most famous bad
mushroom with a red cap and white dots
on it now we've seen some mushrooms
which look okay but are fatally
dangerous for you now it's time to see
one fungus so terrifying it could be a
feature in horror movies number nine
plethora
our cheery plethora sarchie really looks
like it was sent from outer space to
destroy the humankind or straight out of
hell to remind us to be nice people in
fact that thing is more than real and
terrestrial where does it come from
we'll give you a hint this country and
continent at the same time is home to
many scary species and also kangaroo and
hugh jackman yes it comes from Australia
did you get it right give this video a
like to let us know it is also called
The Devil's fingers or the stinker and
unfortunately spread to Europe and North
America as well some people believe it
travelled with military supplies from
World War one in spores and so was first
spotted in Europe in 1914 that
demon-like creature has four tentacles
covered with this kid fabric it smells
so strong it attracts flies from afar
and kills them you thought in fact it is
smarter than that
it does not kill them but contaminates
them to spread its spores
[Music]
klaris our cheery is not alone it's
close relative rubric lath rests expands
in a scary-looking ball and pseudo colas
fusiform as' looks like a killer squid
speaking of killer what's up with all
this latin anyway if you see this
monster in your backyard you should not
try to get rid of it yourself
but ask for help to remove it for good
see it spreads so quickly with its
spores it can contaminate your entire
garden and give it a putrid smell that's
not what you want around your house
right
number 8 devil's claw another of
nature's creation which makes us tremble
with fear and wants to take over the
world or at least your garden devil's
claws come from Arizona and are even
used for basket weaving by Native
Americans what these people have no fear
the scary-looking seed pods cling on to
animals feet and travel place-to-place
once they are crushed the seeds are set
free and ready to grow at a new location
so be careful with those by the way if
you want to see more discoveries and
exotic places you've probably never
visited check out the jungle Diaries
channel we've just recently come across
this channel and all we can say is that
it's amazing its host Phil Torres is a
huge fan of adventures just like all of
us right so do not miss the chance to
discover the world with him ok now back
to our list number 7 bloody tooth
this fungus looks like it has killed a
few victims already and is covered in
their blood and it smells like fresh
strawberries oh nature likes to play its
tricks on us sometimes bloody tooth has
a scientific name as well somehow hi
delenn Apache sounds less suitable for
it than bloody tooth though it likes to
live in forests and mountains of North
America Europe Iran and South Korea when
it's young and actively growing
it literally bleeds life out of its
pores you can see the scary result if
you fear nothing and decide to taste it
don't it is poisonous and will do you no
good number six
porcupine tomato this beast may have a
funny name but it doesn't get any less
powerful or dangerous even when people
laugh at it it comes from Madagascar but
is not even remotely as cute as the
lemurs we all love it can grow eight
feet tall and eight feet wide in no time
it spreads quickly and its claws are
sharpest razors and highly toxic so
beware and ask for help if you see it
somewhere near you coming up next frack
sanella which is not at all an italian
sort of ice cream death Camus and a
plant which looks directly into your
soul before killing you
number five fraction Ella
[Music]
prax Anela also known as burning bush
dittany and gas plant thrives in the
warm climate of southern Europe North
Africa and most of Asia 16 to 39 inches
tall and looking sweet and innocent it
is hiding its killer nature behind the
little flowers you can touch and not
feel anything but after a day you will
see and feel the burns and bubbles which
will make you feel weak and hot frac
sanella could be used in The Hunger
Games as a powerful torturer hey Katniss
try this okay Wow no sequel and number
four giant hogweed giant hogweed comes
from the caucasus mountain region
between the Black and Caspian Seas it
came to Europe in the late 19th century
and a few decades later became
widespread in America as well it loves
the light and moist soil so it mostly
grows by the streams and rivers and in
fields it spreads quickly and needs no
care so at some point it became a
popular ornamental plant what is so
dangerous about it well if you touch its
sap it can severely irritate your skin
and eyes give you permanent scars and
even make you blind
word to the wise if you see it next to
your house do not touch it it has to be
removed by
fashion oats number three death Camus
these cute little white flowers might
look like a great addition to a summer
flower composition however if you see
them growing in the field or your
backyard do not bring them home in fact
do not touch them at all their name
suggests nothing good part of the plant
from the stem to its flowers are
poisoned with ziko zine the Lewis and
Clark expedition reported to have found
them in the western United States and
Native Americans have poisoned some
Mormon settlers in Utah using them death
chemists have bulbs which look like
onion bulbs and if you ever confuse them
with onions and eat some vomiting
diarrhea general weakness and even coma
will follow my my number two oleander if
you have traveled to the mediterranean
region or pretty much anywhere in the
subtropics
you must definitely have a picture of
this pink beauty a fully blooming tree
how beautiful sometimes beauty kills and
that is just the case the toxics in it
are so powerful even honey made by bees
that pollinated its flowers can kill or
seriously hurt people its leaves and sap
can irritate and damage your skin and
number one doll's eye these eyes of an
extraterrestrial monster are looking
right into your soul or maybe that
monster has killed a few innocent
victims already and tied their eyes and
a knot now those Bain berries might have
a more terrestrial origin but one thing
is true for sure the entire plant
contains cardiogenic toxins
if you dare to eat them they will
immediately affect your cardiac muscle
tissue and very likely kill you if you
think dolls eye is something you are
never going to meet you are wrong it is
native to eastern North America it still
lives in Canada the Midwest and the
eastern states well we hope you never
get to encounter any of these things but
if that happens you know what you should
do right like this video as a promise to
keep yourself out of trouble and
subscribe to our channel not to miss any
updates
[Music]